v7.5.2: ticdc: add description for cdc behaviour change (#17530) (#17673)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-behavior-change.md

COMMIT;
```

In this example, by executing three SQL statements to swap the primary keys of two rows, TiCDC only receives two update change events, that is, changing the primary key `a` from `1` to `2` and changing the primary key `a` from `2` to `1`. If the MySQL sink directly writes these two `UPDATE` events to the downstream, a primary key conflict might occur, leading to changefeed errors.

Therefore, TiCDC splits these two events into four events, that is, deleting records `(1, 1)` and `(2, 2)` and writing records `(2, 1)` and `(1, 2)`.

### MySQL sink

> Starting from v7.5.2, when using the MySQL sink, TiCDC fetches the current timestamp `thresholdTS` from PD at startup and decides whether to split `UPDATE` events based on the value of this timestamp:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v7.5.2, when using the MySQL sink, any TiCDC node that receives a request for replicating a table will fetch the current timestamp `thresholdTS` from PD before starting the replication to the downstream. Based on the value of this timestamp, TiCDC decides whether to split `UPDATE` events:
```

> For v7.5.2 and later v7.5 patch versions, when using the MySQL sink, TiCDC fetches the current timestamp `thresholdTS` from PD at startup and decides whether to split `UPDATE` events based on the value of this timestamp:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v7.5.2, when using the MySQL sink, TiCDC fetches the current timestamp `thresholdTS` from PD at startup and decides whether to split `UPDATE` events based on the value of this timestamp:
```

> - For transactions containing one or multiple `UPDATE` changes, if the primary key or non-null unique index value is modified in an `UPDATE` event and the transaction `commitTS` is less than `thresholdTs`, TiCDC splits the `UPDATE` event into a `DELETE` event and an `INSERT` event before writing them to the Sorter module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For transactions containing one or multiple `UPDATE` changes, if the  transaction `commitTS` is less than `thresholdTs`, TiCDC splits the `UPDATE` event into a `DELETE` event and an `INSERT` event before writing them to the Sorter module.
```

COMMIT;
```

In this example, the two `UPDATE` statements within the transaction have a sequential dependency on execution. The primary key `a` is changed from `2` to `3`, and then the primary key `a` is changed from `1` to `2`. After this transaction is executed, the records in the upstream database are `(2, 1)` and `(3, 2)`.

However, the order of `UPDATE` events received by TiCDC might differ from the actual execution order of the upstream transaction. For example:

```sql
UPDATE t SET a = 2 WHERE a = 1;
UPDATE t SET a = 3 WHERE a = 2;
```

- Before this behavior change, TiCDC writes these `UPDATE` events to the Sorter module and then splits them into `DELETE` and `INSERT` events. After the split, the actual execution order of these events in the downstream is as follows:

    ```sql
    BEGIN;
    DELETE FROM t WHERE a = 1;
    REPLACE INTO t VALUES (2, 1);
    DELETE FROM t WHERE a = 2;
    REPLACE INTO t VALUES (3, 2);
    COMMIT;
    ```

    After the downstream executes the transaction, the records in the database are `(3, 2)`, which are different from the records in the upstream database (`(2, 1)` and `(3, 2)`), indicating a data inconsistency issue.

> - After this behavior change, if the transaction `commitTS` is less than the `thresholdTS` obtained by TiCDC at startup, TiCDC splits these `UPDATE` events into `DELETE` and `INSERT` events before writing them to the Sorter module. After the sorting by the Sorter module, the actual execution order of these events in the downstream is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After this behavior change, if the transaction `commitTS` is less than the `thresholdTS` fetched from PD when TiCDC starts replicating the corresponding table to the downstream, TiCDC splits these `UPDATE` events into `DELETE` and `INSERT` events before writing them to the Sorter module. After the sorting by the Sorter module, the actual execution order of these events in the downstream is as follows:
```
